4/17/2019
Today I got more experienced with the Curses library and was able to make it work better for my game, such as getting the cursor to move to a specific position based off which keys are pressed on the keyboard. The next step is to get the class for the player ironed out which includes some of the player attributes that will be expanded upon later, such as direction (still figuring out enums) and velocity. Hopefully next time I can get graphics for the world map working and to follow up I can began hit detection and world generation.

4/21/2019
Today I found out that the keyboard.getKey command pasues the program and this early catch caused me to be able not to properly refresh the screen as the program was waiting for a keyboard input. This meant that my character object wouldnt change position until after a keypress and i would have to press another key to refresh? It didn't work properly. Fortunately I did finish up the player class, next will be creating an enemy class, confirming movement code works, and creating shooting code for the player class

4/23/2019
today I realized that curses was the wrong choice for the game I want to make, and I will now have to port everything I've done so far into IGIS. Fortunately, Points carry over just fine, so most of the code will still function properly, I just need to make some objects to paint onto IGIS and restructure my classes a little. This came about because I realized that in Curses you need the Cursor to write characters, and since I can't quickly devise a way to draw all the characters in such a way that I'd need a que, and a calculations method, and etc etc etc. It would be 10x easier to switch to IGIS which will handle all the things I dont want to do for me. I completed the Player class, and the Bullet class to an extent, but porting over to IGIS will delay the process somewhat.


4/25/2019
Everytime i work on this i deteriate a little bit more, I've scrapped my past idea, it's probably just gonna be an "RPG" where you send commands to move a player thru a maze, I've made a grid class/object, and that works adn allows me to make maps as big or small as I desire, and randomly generates them too which is cool. Now I just need to create a new player class, and create functions using the ReadLine() command that moves the player thru the maze, I also need to set up limits and collision detection. Also I'm losing my mind :)

:( 

4/30/2019
Ok so I finished up the player and Grid class and added  functions to both. Do they all work? Obviously not, but the meat of them is there, all I have to do is trim the bugs and get it to compile, do some further testing, experiment with dialouge and NPC characters (literally unicode characters) and probably make a class for them, as well ass implement some type of overall game controller that puts the game into muliple states? I have some leighway with how the screen buffers, so I have all the control I want over how it looks, even though it's fairly arachaeic. That's the plan for this week. Im also very tired and would like to nap.

5/2/2019
Today I finished the movement system along with the player class and the grid class. Movement bounds were broken so at the moment those don't work and need to be reimplemented. I'm also working on a universal NPC class for enemies and friendlies. Once I implement that I will be close to implementing the interaction system which I will probably have to do this weekend. But my main goals of having a graphical system with a grid that the player can navigate and NPC's can exist in is very close to coming to complete fruition, and then I can focus on the main boring story stuff.
